## 4.0.0
- migrate to google play games services 2.0.0.
- use darwin folder for iOS and macOS.

## 3.0.3
- Fix gradle issue by @Skyost
- add getPlayer by @theLee3

## 3.0.2
- Fix class not found exception on android @theLee3

## 3.0.1
- add playerIsUnderage by @theLee3
- add playerIsMultiplayerGamingRestricted by @theLee3
- add playerIsPersonalizedCommunicationRestricted by @theLee3
- Fix getSavedGames crash by @AntonHolovin
- Exclude Gson serialized data models from obfuscation by @theLee3

## 3.0.0
- Rearrange classes to group features. `GameAuth` for authintication, `Achievements` for anything related to Achievements, `Leaderboards` for anything related to Leaderboards, `Player` for anything related to Player, and `SaveGame` for anything related to save game.

## 2.2.2
- Add load achievements.
- Add load leaderboard scores.

## 2.2.0
- Release Load/ Save a game 🚀.

## 2.1.0
- Return error in case of error and null in case of success on android for the methods that has no return value.

## 2.0.9
- Support getting the current player score.

## 2.0.8
- Support getting the player name.

## 2.0.7
- Update docs.

## 2.0.5
- Support getting the player id.

## 2.0.4
- Fix the crash play service library. @impure @gyuri-fluttech @jonafeucht

## 2.0.3
- Added support for macOS.

## 2.0.2
- Fix android crash cused by pendingOperation.

## 2.0.1
- Fix showing a leader board with id on android.

## 2.0.0
- Migrated `jcenter` to `mavenCentral` See: [Gradle announcement](https://blog.gradle.org/jcenter-shutdown)
- Removed `android.enableR8`
- `jdk7` to `jdk8`
- Bumped up versions

## 2.0.0-nullsafety.3
- Make access_point_location accessible

## 2.0.0-nullsafety.2
- fix AccessPoint issues

## 2.0.0-nullsafety.1
- 💪 Running with sound null safety 💪 by @jonatadashi

## 1.0.0
- Add the iOS Access point

## 0.3.3
Add increment method by @tommybuonomo

## 0.3.2
Add the read me.

## 0.3.1
Show the android popups

## 0.2.10
Add addActivityResultListener for registrar

## 0.2.9
Return an error if user not logged in and clicked on achievement or leaderboard.

## 0.2.8
Add registerWith(registrar:) back

## 0.2.7
Add explicitSignIn, by @dioxmio 

## 0.2.6
Fix autogenerated class GeneratedPluginRegistrant usage and missing constructor paramete, by @alexeystrakh 

## 0.2.5
Update gradle properties to fix appcenter build, by @alexeystrakh

## 0.2.4
Upgrade to android x

## 0.2.3
Upgrade to flutter 1.12

## 0.2.2
Upgrade to swift 5.0

## 0.1.1
First stable release.


